today you wanted to create the most
stereotypical Montreal sandwich for this
we needed seven classic ingredients from
Montreal to create our masterpiece a
sandwich is composed of Schwartz smoked
meat founded in 1928 it is the most
classic deli in Montreal hotdogs from
the Montreal poolroom materials best
chicken from the protagonist or mottos
the best poutine in Montreal from
LaBelle cheese classic Canadian maple
syrup deli mustard and of course the
Fairmont bagels found that in 1907
they're considered some of the best
bagels in the city after several decades
of careful planning from Montreal finest
chef on July 23rd 2015 our team of
experts have invented the sandwich of
the year
the project 30 beastmode sandwich what's
the perfect combination of the finest
food in Montreal it's finally here the
tasting experience was amazing what a
masterpiece now needs a restaurant our
final goal is to have our sandwich
served in Montreal so if you have a
restaurant in Montreal our sandwich is
now looking for a home
you can emails here and our team of X
personal chefs will teach you our
secrets see you tomorrow